
Star Wars Planetary Database
This is 7ninjas' recruitment task for Node.js developers. You will find instructions and requirements below. Read them carefully and then send us your solution as GitHub/GitLab repository.

We need an application for storing and acquiring detailed information about planets from Star Wars universe and adding comments to them. Let's assume it's a galactic TripAdvisor.

You will be tasked with creating a simple REST API complete with a database and usage of external API.

SPECIFICATION

Please build REST-like JSON API with simple authentication. Full specification of routes below:

POST /planets:

application/json request body containing planet's name,

request data should be validated and accept only name as a string,

additional data should be fetched from https://swapi.co/,

fetched data should be saved to database,

response should return HTTP 201 with the fetched data as response's body.

GET /planets:

list all planets from your database,

adding pagination, filtering and sorting is optional but will be a bonus!

POST /comments:

application/json request that contains comment's text and planet's ID,

it should add a comment to a given planet and return that comment as response body.

GET /comments:

it should fetch list of all comments from your database,

it should allow for filtering by planet using /comments?planet=:planet_id query parameter.

DELETE /planets/:id

should remove a given planet from your database,

only authorized request should be allowed, not-authorized requests should receive proper HTTP error.

RULES

You can use any frameworks and libraries that you want.

Writing at least very basic tests for endpoints is optional but will be a big bonus.

When creating authentication/authorization you can use any solution you want.

Please include README.md file with instructions and requirements for building and running your application.

You can use any database you wish though MongoDB/PostgreSQL are encouraged (or surprise us with something cool!).

Using docker-compose will be a big bonus.

It would be great if the application was hosted somewhere for us to see (Heroku, etc.)